Get rid of pyclesperanto dependancy (#140)
BiAPoL/napari-clusters-plotter: README.md

### Measurements
The first step is deriving measurements from the labelled image and the corresponding pixels in the grey-value image.

> You can use the menu `Tools > Measurement > Label statistics (clEsperanto)` which is included in the [napari-pyclesperanto-assistant](https://www.napari-hub.org/plugins/napari-pyclesperanto-assistant)

Reviewer: Silly question, but any idea why can't I see this entry in the tools menu? I updated the assistant and restarted napari, but I can only do measurements from the UI of the assistant and not the tools menu 🤔
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/52177660/198005995-ae56065c-31b9-462f-9245-3c4c26e0d509.png)

Author: @lazigu 
You need to have the pyclesperanto assistant installed not just the napari assistant. Maybe we should make it more obvious in the readme? Although we do link the repository you need to install here... We could alternatively mention the scikit regionprops as well as the pyclesperanto regionprops as the scikit regionprops come preinstalled with nsc?

Reviewer: Hmm, which one do you mean? I have pyclesperanto-prototype installed if you are talking about this one. Now I updated it, but such a menu still hasn't appeared. Sorry, I might be missing something very obvious, but my brain is still in a holiday mood :D I might try a fresh environment, because now I was using an old one

Author: hahahahaha no problem at all. I mean the pyclesperanto assistant which is the new link in the readme (https://www.napari-hub.org/plugins/napari-pyclesperanto-assistant) This is basically a library for all pyclesperanto functions in napari and was the precursor to the napari assistant. Nevertheless, if you are confused, then so will be other users. I will modify the Readme slightly so just tell me what you think once I've made the changes :)

Reviewer: Ahhhh right, I had just napari-assistant in that environment :D I knew it was something silly I was missing..
But yes I think maybe it would be nice to mention it clearer, and also to mention non-gpu version of deriving measurements

### Measurements
The first step is deriving measurements from the labelled image and the corresponding pixels in the grey-value image.

> Since the 0.6.0 release measurement is no longer part of this plugin and you will have to use other napari plugins to measure your data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the 0.6.0 release measurements widget is no longer part of this plugin and you will have to use other napari plugins to measure your data.
```

conda activate ncp-env
```

* Install [napari], e.g. via [pip]:

```
python -m pip install "napari[all]"
```

Afterwards, you can install `napari-clusters-plotter` via [pip]:

```
pip install napari-clusters-plotter
```

### Optional installation
Follow these steps instead of the regular installation to include the [napari-pyclesperanto-assistant](https://www.napari-hub.org/plugins/napari-pyclesperanto-assistant).
Creating the environment like this will allow you to use your GPU to render your cluster results.
Furthermore, you as access the deprecated measurement functions of the napari-cluster-plotter of releases < 0.6.0.
If you have trouble with this library you can use the regular installation above.

```
conda create --name ncp-env python==3.9
```

* Activate the new environment via conda:

```
conda activate ncp-env
```

> * Install napari-pyclesperanto-assistant, eg. with pip:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Install napari-pyclesperanto-assistant, e.g. with pip:
```
